Update/nextjs guide (#887)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now.mdx

  description: 'Creating a Next.js project and deploying it with ZEIT Now',
  published: '2019-06-05T12:00:00.860Z',
  authors: ['timothy', 'msweeneydev'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now',
  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20Serverless%20Next.js**%20with%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=83px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnextjs-black-logo.svg&heights=250&heights=350',
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-06-05T17:57:15.000Z'
}

This guide will help you get started using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) with [Now](/now) by covering a variety of topics from [Installing Now](#installing-now) to deploying your Next.js application **with a single command**.

Next.js is a framework, created by [ZEIT](https://zeit.co), for creating production-ready and lightning fast React applications with a lot of handy features built-in.

## Installing Now

<Note>
  If you already have Now installed, you can{' '}
  <GenericLink href="#creating-the-project">skip this step</GenericLink>.
</Note>

> To get started with Now, you must first install it. For your convenience, we have provided four options for installation, **Now Desktop**, **Yarn**, **npm** and **Curl**.

Reviewer: Future-proofing, perhaps? And also, this sounded like installing the entirety of Now, aside Now Desktop. Maybe:
```suggestion
To get started with Now, you must first install it. For your convenience, we have provided multiple options for installation, including the **Now Desktop** app, or **Now CLI** with **Yarn**, **npm**, or **Curl**.
```

You can find installation instructions for all the available options on the [download page](/download).

#### GitHub and GitLab Integrations

> To enhance your development experience with Now further, we also provide integrations with both [GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) and [GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-gitlab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance your development experience with Now further, with automatic deployments, aliasing, and more, we also provide integrations with both [GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) and [GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-gitlab/).
```

> We strongly recommend using the relevant integration, the links above outline the key features of each and the **benefits they bring to your workflow**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, the links above outline the key features and the **benefits our Git integrations bring to your workflow**.
```

## Creating the Project

To get started, create a project directory and `cd` into it:

<TerminalInput>mkdir my-nextjs-project && cd my-nextjs-project</TerminalInput>
<Caption>Creating an entering into the <InlineCode>my-nextjs-project</InlineCode> project directory.</Caption>

With the project directory created, initialize the project like so:

> <TerminalInput>yarn init -y</TerminalInput>

Reviewer: Should we explain what `-y` does slightly? Some may be averse to some of the defaults.

Author: Can do, how about I put a <Note> below explaining?

            'Helvetica', 'Arial', sans-serif;
          padding: 20px 20px 60px;
          max-width: 680px;
          margin: 0 auto;
          font-size: 16px;
          line-height: 1.65;
          text-align: center;
        }
        h1 {
          margin-top: 70px;
          font-size: 45px;
        }
        a {
          cursor: pointer;
          color: #0076ff;
          text-decoration: none;
          transition: all 0.2s ease;
          border-bottom: 1px solid white;
        }
        a:hover {
          border-bottom: 1px solid #0076ff;
        }
      `}</style>
    </main>
  )
}
```

<Caption>
  An <InlineCode>index.js</InlineCode> file for your Next.js project.
</Caption>

## Adding `now.json` and `.nowignore`

To provide [configuration for your project](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/), you should use a `now.json` file.

Create a `now.json` file at the root of your project with the following code:

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "alias": "my-aliased-nextjs-project",
  "name": "my-nextjs-project"
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file to configure your project.
</Caption>

> With this step, you have setup the project [`version`](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#version), [`alias`](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#alias) and [`name`](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#name), let's find out what they do:

Reviewer: I think repeating the properties here and below in a list is unnecessarily long and can be trimmed down by saying "The above `now.json` achieves a few things:" like before. What are your thoughts here?

- `version` - specifies which [Now platform version](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#version) to use for the [deployment](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/)
- `alias` - used to [alias deployments](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) when using a [Git integration](/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now#github-and-gitlab-integrations)
- `name` - provides a [prefix](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration#name) for your [deployments](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/)

<Note>

>   Only version 2 is available for accounts created after January 03 2019.

Reviewer: I think this can be described _with_ `version`, saying that the property sets the version to the latest platform version in order to use the method set in this guide? Trims a bit of weight then too.

Author: Removed, on reflection this doesn't serve much benefit.

</Note>

> The `.nowignore` file works similarly to a `.gitignore` file and is used to tell the [Now CLI](/download), [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) and [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) integrations to [not upload certain files or directories](/docs/v2/deployments/ignoring-source-paths/).

Reviewer: Oxford comma 🎩 
```suggestion
The `.nowignore` file works similarly to a `.gitignore` file and is used to tell the [Now CLI](/download), [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/), and [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) integrations to [not upload certain files or directories](/docs/v2/deployments/ignoring-source-paths/).
```

Create a `.nowignore` file in the root of your project directory with the following code:

<Code>yarn.lock</Code>
<Caption>A <InlineCode>.nowignore</InlineCode> file for your Next.js project.</Caption>

Now that you've provided some **simple configuration** for your Next.js project, let's see in the next step **how easy it is to build your files**.

## Adding a Builder

> [Builders](docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) provide the step that turns your source code into [production ready outputs](/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Builders](docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) provide the step that turns your source code into [production-ready outputs](/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).
```

> These outputs can be either static files and/or [lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/). **Both output types** get served by our [CDN at the Edge](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/cdn/), making your deployments **blazing fast to access around the globe**.

Reviewer: I think we discussed recently on Slack to uppercase Lambdas. cc @leo 
```suggestion
These outputs can be either static files and/or [Lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/). **Both output types** get served by our [CDN at the Edge](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/cdn/), making your deployments **blazing fast to access around the globe**.
```

> These outputs can be either static files and/or [lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/). **Both output types** get served by our [CDN at the Edge](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/cdn/), making your deployments **blazing fast to access around the globe**.

Reviewer: We lose the context of `outputs` here too, I think. Perhaps combining the paragraphs so it's simpler to read? Builders are a confusing part to some users. cc @skllcrn

<Note>

>   You should use Builders whenever your source files require a transformation to

Reviewer: Not sure this is necessarily the case. For example, you can use @now/static when you just want to move code over statically, but you're using other Builders. Perhaps this note should be something like
"Builders help transfer sources into the output your intend, whether transforming the contents or just moving the files to production."

Or removing the note altogether? The docs explain this so we can just link off and allow the user to get on with it. Not sure.

Author: Removed, not adding much and may confuse.

  be served to users.
</Note>

> For this project, you will require the use of a single Builder, [`@now/next`](/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next/). **Using Builders is simple**, to do so, add the following code to your `now.json` file:

Reviewer: We need to avoid "simple" and non-empathetic language like that.
```suggestion
For this project, you will require the use of a single Builder, [`@now/next`](/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next/). To get started with the Next.js Builder, add the following code to your `now.json` file:
```

```json
{
  ...
  "builds": [
    { "src": "next.config.js", "use": "@now/next" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  Adding a Builder to your projects' <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file.
</Caption>

## Local Development with `now dev`

For a **seamless local development experience**, you should use `now dev`, a reproduction of the [Now deployment environment](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/) but on your local machine.

Using `now dev` allows you to [develop and debug your application](/docs/v2/development/basics/) in as close to a production environment as possible. With `now dev` you build quickly, with **real trust and confidence**.

> As hinted at above, you can start [developing locally](/docs/v2/development/basics/) with **just a single command**:

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be removed, it only serves to repeat information and add "single command". Perhaps combine that with the previous? Also repeats `now dev`, which isn't needed, I think.

> Using `now dev` allows you to [develop and debug your application](/docs/v2/development/basics/) in as close to a production environment as possible, with a single command. This method allows you to build quickly, with **real trust and confidence**.

Author: Removed.

<TerminalInput>now dev</TerminalInput>

> <Caption>Starting a local development server with the  <InlineCode>now dev</InlineCode> command.</Caption>

Reviewer: It would be amazing to have a screenshot of what the user should see here. I think images would be nice to break the constant flow of text? cc @skllcrn

Reviewer 2: That'd be fantastic, we could use carbon.now.sh?

Reviewer: I was more thinking of a browser screenshot, but we could do that for deployment and the terminal with development?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, frameit.now.sh!

> After shortly installing and setting up the required [Builders](/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/), `now dev` will start on port 3000 if available, else the next available port.

Reviewer: will start from localhost on port 3000?
```suggestion
After shortly installing and setting up the required [Builders](/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/), `now dev` will start from localhost on port 3000, if available, else the next available port.
```

<Note>
  When using <InlineCode>now dev</InlineCode>, you must declare your{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/development/environment-variables/">
    environment variables
  </GenericLink>{' '}

>   in a <InlineCode>.env</InlineCode> file.

Reviewer: This is the first time we mention Environment Variables at all in the guide. I'm wondering if this is extraneous information since it's not relevant to the example itself?

Reviewer 2: We addressed this earlier, not necessary and is covered better elsewhere.

Author: Note removed.

```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>next.config.js</InlineCode> file for your Next.js project.
</Caption>

> ## Adding `now.json` and `.nowignore`

Reviewer: I think headings without steps need to be subsections
```suggestion
### Adding `now.json` and `.nowignore`
```

- `version` - specifies which [Now platform version](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#version) to use for the [deployment](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/)
- `alias` - used to [alias deployments](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) when using a [Git integration](/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now#github-and-gitlab-integrations)
- `name` - provides a [prefix](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration#name) for your [deployments](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/)

<Note>
  Only version 2 is available for accounts created after January 03 2019.
</Note>

The `.nowignore` file works similarly to a `.gitignore` file and is used to tell the [Now CLI](/download), [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) and [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) integrations to [not upload certain files or directories](/docs/v2/deployments/ignoring-source-paths/).

Create a `.nowignore` file in the root of your project directory with the following code:

<Code>yarn.lock</Code>
<Caption>A <InlineCode>.nowignore</InlineCode> file for your Next.js project.</Caption>

> Now that you've provided some **simple configuration** for your Next.js project, let's see in the next step **how easy it is to build your files**.

Reviewer: Empathetic language again, but also want to take the focus away from "configuration" itself since people don't like it. 
```suggestion
Now that you've provided some configuration for your Next.js project, let's see in the next step **how to build your files for the output**.
```

> ## Adding a Builder

Reviewer: I think headings without steps need to be subsections
```suggestion
### Adding a Builder
```

Just like `now dev`, [cloud deployment](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/) is handled with **just a single command**:

<TerminalInput>now</TerminalInput>
<Caption>Deploying your project with the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command.</Caption>

After your project has been built and deployed, you will **receive a deployment URL** with the following format:

<Code>project-name.account-name.now.sh</Code>
<Caption>An example deployment URL for your project.</Caption>

Your project is **live at this URL immediately**, allowing it to be shared with no delay.

## Further Examples

You can see more examples of [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) on [Now](/now) at the Now Examples [GitHub repository](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples).

Below is a list of all Next.js examples available:

- [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/tree/master/nextjs)
- [Next.js Static](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/tree/master/nextjs-static)
- [Next.js News](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/tree/master/nextjs-news)
- [Next.js + MySQL](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/tree/master/nextjs-mysql)

These examples show how Next.js can be used with Now in a variety of different situations.

> You can **get your project started in seconds** by building on top of these examples with the help of `now init`:

Reviewer: :noice:
